.TH DADBY 1 "Jan 1, 2010"
.SH NAME
beansdb \- high-available distributed key-value storage system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B beansdb
.RI [ options ]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B beansdb
key-value storage daemon.
.PP
.B beansdb
is a key-value storage system base on memcached and Tokyo Cabinet. Hash tree 
was built inside for fast syncing after failing or any other unexpected errors.
.br
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax. A summary of options
is included below.
.TP
.B \-p <num>
Listen on TCP port <num>, the default is port 7900.
.TP
.B \-l <ip_addr>
Listen on <ip_addr>; default to INADDR_ANY. This is an important option to
consider as there is no other way to secure the installation. Binding to an
internal or firewalled network interface is suggested.
.TP
.B \-d
Run beansdb as a daemon.
.TP
.B \-u <username>
Assume the identity of <username> (only when run as root).
.TP
.B \-c <num>
Use <num> max simultaneous connections; the default is 1024.
.TP
.B \-H <datadir>
home <datadir> of database, default is 'testdb'
.TP
.B \-T <num>
log of the number of db files(base 16), default is 2 (means 256 db files).
.TP
.B \-P <filename>
Print pidfile to <filename>, only used under \-d option.
.TP
.B \-t <threads>
Number of threads to use to process incoming requests(default is 16).
.TP
.B \-r
Raise the core file size limit to the maximum allowable.
.TP
.B \-h
Show the version of beansdb and a summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v
Be verbose during the event loop; print out errors and warnings.
.TP
.B \-vv
Be even more verbose; same as \-v but also print client commands and
responses.
.br
.SH LICENSE
The beansdb daemon is copyright Douban Inc and is distributed under
the BSD license. Note that daemon clients are licensed separately.
.br
.SH SEE ALSO
The README file that comes with beansdb
.br
.B http://beansdb.googlecode.com/
.SH AUTHOR
The beansdb daemon was written by Davies Liu
.B <davies.liu@gmail.com>
.br
